The seventh regular meeting of the I&C Family group was held at the home of Hilda and Dan and was opened by our President William at 5:30 P.M.

A minute of silence was observed by all in memory of our beloved father and grandfather.

Minutes were read and approved.

President welcomed our new member Raymond into our group and hoped that he would enjoy being one of our family.

Our genial host, Dan also welcomed us and thanked us for coming.

Bills were presented and on a motion made by Dorothy and seconded by Harriet the bills that had accumulated since June for the amount of \$26.00 we ordered paid.

Ann made a suggestion that meetings should be held more regularly on the average of once a month as originally planned. This was approved by all.

Election of officers was the next order of business. William was nominated for reelection of office as president but declined stating that one term was sufficient and that each member have a chance to act as president. Vice Pres. Louis declined presidency in favor of William taking a second term. At this time Nat was nominated and accepted the office of President. Sam accepted as Vice President and Louis 2nd Vice President. Willie was elected as trustee Max was reelected as treasurer and Beatrice was reelected as secretary. All the newly elected officers made short speeches of acceptance thanking the members for the honor.

The Happy Day Fund was collected and the amount of \$5.67 was collected. Happy Birthday's to the following - Dorothy, Ann, Beatrice, Irving, Charlotte, Martin, Allen, Sophia, Morty, Bobby. Congratulations on Marion's recovery and to Max on the opening of his new store. Gert and Ray were also congratulated on their 3 months of marriage and Mary and Sam on becoming a Mother-in-law and Father-in-law.

Treasurers report was read and balance on hand is \$12.20.

Mr. Pesin was a guest at the meeting and seemed to enjoy it.

Mary and Sam asked to have the next meeting at their home on or about February 23rd.

The hospitality of our host and hostess Dan and Hilda was what can only be termed as real southern hospitality. Everything served was delicious and most certainly enjoyed by all.

Beatrice Pinchuk

Sec' r.
