The eighth regular meeting of the Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group called to order by our newly elected President Nat at 5:30 P. M. Mary + Sam Hosts

President asked all members to rise for a minute of silence in memory of our beloved father and grandfather.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved.

Max reported that Irving and he attended a meeting of the Uptown Synagogue and paid for the Memorial Plaque which was completed and installed. He also stated that a donation \$10.00 was solicited by the Synagogue and which he promised on behalf of the Family Group. This brought forth a discussion by the Members as to whether we can afford to contribute to various organizations in need of funds and the opinion of the members is that hereafter no contributions are to be promised on of the Family Group before the same is approved by members.

Harriet made a motions that the \$10.00 for the Synagogue be paid and this motion was seconded by Louis and unanimously passed.

The Committee in charge of unveiling reported progress and that they will take care of all details Committee is empowered to make arrangements and promised to have Mama attend any special meetings that will be held. On the Committee are Louis, William, Irving, Sam, and Max.

Treasurer Max gave a resume' of last years financial report. Dues for the present year was collected and the sum of $15\. OO was collected. Happy Day fund increased by $1.40 and birthday greeting were extended to Arnold and Marilyn, congratulations to our lovely couple Gert and Ray on their 4th month of married bliss and Jay and Barry on their promotion.

Balance on hand is \$18.60.

Next meeting will be held on Papa's Memorial Day, March 30th at the home of Dorothy and Nat.

As usual we did full justice to the grand refreshments served by our lovely host and hostess, Mary and Sam.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice Pinchuk, Sec' r.
