The eleventh regular meeting of the Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group was called to order by 5:15 PM by our President Nat at their home.

Minutes of silence observed after which a brief eulogy was rendered by our president on the memorial of our beloved Father and Grandfather. We were also reminded about \"Yor Zeit\" on Friday and the boys reminded to attend Shule on Thursday night and Friday.

Minutes of previous meeting read and approved.

A suggestion made by secretary that perhaps it would be advisable to hold meetings in a private room in a hall, in as much as we don't seem to meet as regularly as we should in each others homes, received some comments from members. Louis did not approve of this idea but thought that we should continue as previously, that is, make it more social By meeting at homes. Sam also thought we should not change meetings at present, but asked us to have some patience since he is building something at present and promised when completed that we will have our own private meeting place. Everyone is busy guessing.

Louis extended an invitation to the group on behalf of himself and Sophie to attend First Sedar night at his home but asked the members to Please come early since the Rabbi is also invited. This invitation brought forth enthusiastic applause and was graciously accepted by President on behalf of the group.

Another Invitation was extended by Max to hold the next meeting at his home on April 19th in honor of Barry's birthday. We will also celebrate Mama's birthday since it coincided with Barry's.

On a motion made by Dan and seconded by Dotty a Pesach gift of \$10.00 will be sent by treasurer to our soldier boy since we cannot decide just what we can buy for him.

William thanked the group for his son and stated that he was grateful for the spirit shown for one who is away from home.

Suggestion made by Irving that any mem— ber of the group who is In service be exempted from paying dues for the duration. This was put In form of a motion by Louis and seconded by Gertrude Unanimously carried.

Under Happy Day Fund the sum of \$5.02 was collected, almost everyone having contributions for anniversaries and birthdays since last May. Congratulations were extended to all recipients.

Expenses amounted to $5.34 and treasurer reported balance on hand of $39.55.

Meeting was adjourned and the usual delicious refreshments were served by our charming hostess in their new and beautiful home and a most pleasant time was had by everyone.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice Pinchuk, Sec' r.
