The ninth regular meeting of the Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the home of our President and his lady, Dorothy, and called the meeting to order at 5 PM

A touching and heart rending tribute to our beloved Father on this memorial day was extended by Nat which left everyone in tears, after which everyone arose for a minute of silence.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved.

William reported that he attended the Uptown Synagogue for the Memorial Services and told members about the Plaque which had the Yovzeit light lit for Papa. Also mentioned that the president of the Synagogue welcomed him and complimented him on our family and praised Max as a worthy member.

The main business at this meeting was to make arrangements for the unveiling of the Monument and the date will be sometime around the beginning of May. Quite some discussion took place about the Rabbi to be invited and it was finally the opinion of the majority that we have Rabbi Charney and Rabbi Bendelstein officiate and Cantor Shapiro also. The rest of the arrangements were left to the discretion of the Committees and they will attend to final details.

A brief recess was ordered to enable the boys to say Kaddish after which we resumed the meeting.

Condolances were extended to Sam on the loss of his sister Fanny, and Pres. Nat asked us all to rise for minute of silence.

Under good and welfare, we received an invitation from Max and Ann to attend a birthday party for Barry on April 20th. Since Mama's birthday is also just around this date a double celebration will be had then. Needless to say, the Group is only too glad to attend parties especially since we know the kind of parties the Max Sklar Family can give.

Dorothy's sister Anna stayed with us as a guest and was welcomed by our Pres.

Of course the refreshments were as usual delicious and different, and we did full justice to.

The next meeting will be held sometimes in May at the home of our newly—weds Gertrude and Raymond

Congratulations were extended to Dan on his birthdays to Max on anniversary of his store and to Florence on her birthday, to Buddy on his birthday and to Martin on walking alone.

Respectfully yours

B. Pinchuk, Secy.
