The twelfth regular meeting of the Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Ann and Max. President Nat called the meeting to order at 5:00 P.M. Minute of silence was observed as usual. Minutes of the previous meeting were read and there being no errors or omissions minutes stand approved.

Ann's parents and sister who were present, were welcomed by President and invited to attend our meeting.

Correspondence which consisted of a letter from Soldier Bobby was read and everyone was touched at the sentiment expressed. Also a telegram from Barry's Aunt congratulating him on his birthday.

Reference was made by President about the room for our meetings promised by Sam who explained that this will have to postponed for the duration.

Election of officers was tabled for the next meeting since this meeting is also a celebration of a few birthdays and anniversaries.

Announcements was made by Louis that on June 7th a Bar Mitzvah for Milton will be held at the same hall as Morty's was since Milton feels that what is good for one son is good for the other. Of course the entire family group is invited and invitation was also extended to the guests Mr. and Mrs. Kessler and Emily.

Under new business a picnic is planned for the last meeting which will be held sometime in June Max knows of a place. Forest Lodge, not far from Newark which seems ideal for picnicking and a full report will be rendered at the next meeting.

President Nat thanked Sophie and Louis for their kind hospitality at the Sedar and assured then of everyone's enjoyment and hoped we will be invited for many more Sedars. Sophie thanked the Group for flowers sent her. Thanks was received from Gertrude, Mama, Florence and Mary for corsages received on their birthdays and anniversaries.

Harriet not being present, she received her corsage by proxy. Happy birthday was sung by ever- yone for Barry's birthday and again for Mama and Gertrude and Florence on their birthdays. Also to Mary and Sam on their Anniversary.

Also received report that Bobby called from Mississippi and asked to be remembered to all. Everyone very happy about his new post and wish him the best of luck.

Happy Day Fund was collected for Mama's Gertrude, Florence, Harriet, Barry's birthdays, Mary and Sam Anniversary, Bobby's job in Army, Anniversary of Dan's store— Anniversary of Max's store, Max's Mother-in-law's birthday and for Kiskah. The sum of $4.47 was realized. Dues of $3.00 was also collected. Treasurers reported balance on hand $28.80\. Expenses were $10.00 Bobby's gift, $.57 cards and stamps, $4.65 flowers and corsages.

Next meeting will be held at the home of Mary and Sam on May 10th, Mothers' s Day which is also the 3rd anniversary of the Group.

Meeting adjourned in a rush as we all know the delicious refreshments which Ann and Max always serve. They certainly didn't disappoint anyone from the Kiskah to the birthday cakes.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice Pinchuk, Sec' r
