On Sunday may 14th the family met at the home of Mary and Sam to honor our Mother on Mother's Day.

A suggestion was made and unanimously accepted that we form a family group or circle.

Dan who asked to act as temporary chairman accepted and called for suggestions for a suitable name for this group. The Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group was the name unanimously voted on. The purpose of this group is to foster harmony and stronger family ties and to preserve the ideals as set forth by our Standard Bearer Isaac and Celia Sklar.

Election of officers followed, and William was unanimously elected President— Louis, Vice— President— Max, Treasurer,— and Beatrice, Secretary.

At this time, the newly elected president took over the chair, having thanked the temporary chairman, Dan.

Discussions were held as to the date of meetings, and it decided that one more meeting to be held in June and in the fall, to continue these meetings on the first Sunday of each month at each one's home in consecutive order.

The amount of dues to be paid was generally discussed, and on a motion made by Dan and seconded by Max, the amount of $2.00 per person over the age of 18 years, and $1.00 per person over the age of 13 years, was unanimously passed.

Children may attend meetings and members over 13 years of age to be permitted to vote on all matters. This motion was made by Morty.

All newcomers who marry into the family should have the same privileges as the rest of the group. Before they are married, these future members may attend meetings and functions, but may not vote.

Louis suggested that the group consider the purchase of a Family plot. This was tabled until the next meeting at which time Louis is to render a report on same.

Meetings are to start at 4 PM if quorum is present.

Meeting adjourned with a toast by our Standard Bearers, Mama and Papa, and the next meeting is to be held at the home of Gussie and William.

A bountiful supper was served by Mary and Sam, and was greatly enjoyed by all.

Respectfully submitted
Beatrice Pinchuk, Sec'y.
