The thirteenth regular meeting of the Isaac & Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Mary andSam on Mother's Day, May 10th and opened by President at 5:15 P.M.

Minute of silence was observed as usual.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

Ann thanked members for gifts presented to Barry on his birthday and Harriet also thanked everyone for her corsage and regretted not being present to receive it in person. Invitation was extended by Charlotte to attend her 16th birthday in August.

Plans for outing sometime in June will be completed if transportation facilities can be arranged. Committes consisting of Dan, Max and and Bea promised to attend to attend to all details.

Nomination and election of officers was the next order of business. Dan was unanimously elected as President, Sam as Vice President. Max as treasurer and Bea as secretart. Each officer graciously applouded by members and each promised to continue the good work.

Suggestion was made by Louis that on Fathers Day, we visit the Cemetery and plans will be made to do so.

There won't be meeting until the fall since in June we have Milton's Bar Mitzvah which promises to be an outstanding affair.

Happy Day fund was collected for various Mothers on this Mother's Day, also for splendid American Naval victory from Louis and for more successful celebrations from our host Sam. Sum of \$2.80 was collected.

Dues for 1942 and 1943 were received and the sum of \$19.00 was collected.

Balance on hand \$53.65.

The next meeting will be held in the fall at the home of Bea and Irving.

Members decided to adjourn since we all know Sam's hobby of swell eats and between Mama's and Sam's cooking we were definetly not dissapointed.

Beatrice Pinchuk
