The sixth regular meeting of the Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Ann and Max.

Meeting was called to order by our President William who greeted all the members.

Minutes were read and approved.

President asked that at each meeting hereafter we will remain in silence for a minute for our departed father. Also requested that, each one have a framed picture of Papa when we come together at meetings.

A donation to various charitable organizations was discussed and since the donation would be a small one this matter was dropped for the present.

The matter of membership in the Uptown Synagogue was discussed and Max, Dan and Willie and Nat decided to join in the fall.

Baby Martin was welcomed into the family Group and was made an honorary member. Hilda and Ann take notice. They hope there will be other honorary members in the near future.

Under Good and Welfare the following were congratulated on their birthdays— Jay, Gertrude and Milton, as well as Hilda and Dan's anniversary, Irving and Bea's and Arnold and Marilyn for having their tonsils removed Baby Martin's first tooth, Charlotte's graduation, Bobby's Job and Gertrude's engagement.

The Happy day fund amounted to $3.50 and the balance on hand was $32.59.

A splendid repast was served by our lovely hostess Ann and our gracious and not so lovely host Max. Anyway the turkey was swell.

We also sang happy birthday to Max and Jay and happy anniversary to Hilda and Dan when the candles were lit on the cakes.

The next meeting will be held in Hilda and Dan's home after the holidays.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice Pinchuk Sec'y
