The fourteenth regular meeting of the Isaac and Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Bea and Irving on Thanksgiving Day at 5:30 P.M. Meeting was opened by our new president Dan.

Minute of silence observed as usual.

President Dan made an opening address giving thanks for all being together, for Bobby's being home on leave and congratulated Gussie and Willie on their 25th anniversary and Bea and Irving on moving into their new home and wished them luck.

Max then excused himself and brought in a beautiful set of dishes as a gift from the Family Group to Gussie and Willie. Max once more excused himself and with some help brought in a gorgeous cocktail table from the Group to Bea and Irving for their new home. Recipients of the gifts were quite surprised but acceptedgifts with thanks and expressed appreciation for such outstanding gifts.

Louis also publicly congratulated Willie and Gussie but definitely disagrees about gifts presented to anyone in the name of the group unless all members know ofsame and approve. Quite a discussion followed and finally a motion was made by Louis that all gifts have approval of all members before being presented in the name of the group, seconded by Nat amd motion was passed by majority.

Bobby thanked the Group for gifts sent him and promised to take active part when he comes back. Was congratulated by President on behalf of Group on attaining rank of Corporal.

Sophie spoke about Louis's cousin who gave her new born son Papa's name for which we are proud and happy. Gift of a \$25 War Bond was voted by Group to be sent to Baby. Willie made a motion that a letter and gift be sent to Baby on his birthday from the Group and be considered an honorary member.

Sophie was designated to send gift and letter to Baby's mother.

Congratulations were extended to Gert and Raymond on their 2nd anniversary and to Ann, Jay, Max, Gertrude, Lillian, Alan, Charlotte and Milton on their birthdays.Dan and Hilda on their Anniversary and to Bobby on being home and becoming a corporal. Happy Day Fund was collected for $6.04\. Dues were collected from Dan, Louis and Irving and Willie for the amount of $15.00.

Refreshments were served which I hope were satisfactory. Next meeting at the home of Gussie and Willie.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice Pinchuk
