The third meeting of the Celia & Isaac Family Group was held at the home of Dorothy & Nat, at 5.30 P.M. with the Pres. William in the chair. Every member present with exception of Gertrude & Lillian.

Minutes were read and approved. Buddy was Chaplain and read the opening prayer. Correspondence was read and ordered filed. The expenses for flowers and cards sent to members for \$4.78 was ordered paid to secretary.

The President called on the members present to give short talks on their activities since the last meeting. Very interesting comments were made by Irving, Nat, Ann, Max, Louis, Dan, Sam, Sophie and Papa. President William gave an earnest talk about keeping together and to try to forget all differences, that we may have at any time, and that we may be more closely knit as a family as time goes on. We hope to continue this Group with the help of God for many years to come and our children to continue after us.

Mama suggested that she would like to make a blessing at the table and then said a brief prayer.

Our host and hostess, assisted by their charming daughter Harriet, served a Dutch supper which was very delicious.

Treasurer reported Balance on hand \$32.12.

The next meeting will be held in November and members will be notified.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, sec'y.

---

Balance on hand 10/8/39: \$32.12

<div class="table-dashed">

| Dues collected balance 1939/40 | |
|---|---|
| William | 2.00 |
| Dan | 2.00 |
| Nat | 2.00 |
| Irving | 3.00 |
| **Total** | **\$9.00** |

</div>

<div class="table-dashed">

| Happy Day Fund | |
|---|---|
| Charlotte's birthd. | .13 |
| Beatrice's " | .37 |
| Barry's starting school | .25 |
| Myra's " | .16 |
| Marian's 9th birthd. | .18 |
| Morty's cat | .05 |
| Sophie getting home well | .40 |
| Lillian's 15th birthd. | .25 |
| **Total** | **1.94** |

</div>

| | |
|---|---|
| | \$10.94 |
| Balance 6/18/39 | 21.18 |
| **Balance** | **\$32.12** |
