The 20th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Irving and Bea on Sunday, Nov. 21st. Meeting was opened with Pres. Max presiding and called for a minute of silence as usual. Prayer was read by Milton in fine manner.

Minutes were read and approved.

Discussion was again brought up about gifts presented by Group. There was some dissention about procedure; whether we should use money from treasury or each member contribute sum towards gift. A committee was finally appointed consisting of Mary, Louis and Irving, this committee is empowered to use their judgment as to gift. In the event one member of this committee is not available, another member is to fill his place. Nat made a motion that no criticism be directed to committee and they have full power to act. Seconded by Ann. Unanimously passed also that if funds are too low, we each contributed a like sum.

Dues were collected and the sum of \$37.00 realized. Irene contributed \$1.00 towards Happy Day Fund and for \$2.10 was presented by Sec'y for cards and postage from April to November. Treasurer reported balance Nov. 21/43 — \$62.00.

The next meeting will be held in January — Louis and Sophie, hosts.

Refreshments were served which I hope were satisfactory.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, Sec'y.

---

Balance on hand Sept. 19/43: \$26.10

<div class="table-dashed">

| Dues 1943/1944 | |
|---|---|
| Sam Berlin Family | \$5.00 |
| Max and Family | 5.00 |
| Ray & Gert. | 4.00 |
| Dan & Family | 4.00 |
| Louis & " | 5.00 |
| Irving & " | 4.00 |
| William & " | 5.00 |
| Harriet 1942/1943 dues | 2.00 |
| Nat & Family " " " | 3.00 |
| **Total** | **\$37.00** |

</div>

Happy Day Fund (Irene): \$1.00

| | |
|---|---|
| | \$64.10 |
| Expenses to sec'y for cards and postage | 2.10 |
| **Balance to date — Nov. 21/1943** | **\$62.00** |
