The 19th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held in the beautiful new home of Max and Ann.

Meeting was called to order by past Pres. Dan who reviewed the past events and highlights during his term of office. He then called on William who congratulated Max and Ann on their new home and presented them with a check for a gift from the Group.

Dan then turned the meeting to the new Pres. Max who thanked the group for their good wishes and gift and proceeded to call for the customary minute of silence. Pres. Max then welcomed the guests present: Rose Sklar, Uncle Louis and Aunt Dora, Ann also welcomed everyone and thanked Group for the gift.

A brief summary of the last meeting was rendered by Secretary since it was an informal meeting.

Thank you cards were received and read from Nat and Dorothy for gift from Group for their 25th Anniversary and flowers to Jay.

Gertrude thanked Group for plant sent her when she came home with new baby Elliot.

Discussion about gifts being presented in the name of the Family Group and paid for with treasury funds was finally tabled until next meeting.

Dues for 1943/1944 will be collected at the next meeting.

Since High Holy Days will be celebrated shortly, we will visit the cemetery next Sunday. Everyone to meet at Sam's house at 3:00 P.M. and leave from there.

The amount of \$17.60 was collected for Happy Day Fund and since almost everyone had a happy occasion congratulations were extended to each one by Pres. Max. No expenses were paid out at this meeting but will be paid for at the next meeting.

Treasurer reported balance Sept. 19 — \$26.10.

The delicious Kishka and roast served by Max and Ann was all we expected and full justice was done to same.

Meeting was adjourned and the next meeting will be held in November — Irving and Bea, hosts.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, Sec'y.
