The 17th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Sam and Mary. Since this meeting was also held in honor of the Silver Anniversary of Sam and Mary, a gift of crystal stemware was presented to them by our Group with Pres. Dan making an appropriate speech to the recipients.

Meeting was called to order by Pres. Dan at 5:15 P.M. The customary minute of silence was observed.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved, with correction made by Louis who believes that the head of the family should be mentioned first. Since this seems to be the opinion of the members, the correction was made.

Buddy who came in at this time was welcomed by Pres. Dan who also welcomed Cousin Rose Sklar and J.B. Herbert Tick who was a guest of Sam's at this meeting.

Pres. Dan thanked Sam for making available for our use his beautiful Recreation Hall.

Under new business no plans for any outing or picnics will be made for the duration.

At this time congratulations were extended to the anniversary couple best wishes and long life and happiness and the same sentiments were expressed by Nat and Harriet.

Gertrude spoke very touchingly to her parents and extended felicitations from herself, Raymond, Lil and Arnold.

Motion made and unanimously carried that we continue to close meetings with a prayer and hereafter meetings will be closed in such manner by Pres. or host at each meeting.

Happy Day Fund collected \$4.53 and congratulations extended.

Treasurer's report was balance on hand \$8.50. The next meeting will be held at the home of Nat & Dorothy sometime in May.

Meeting adjourned by Pres. with appropriate prayer. The refreshments were as usual delicious and full justice done them.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, Sec'y
