The 16th regular meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Sophie & Louis on Sunday, Feb. 21st and called to order by Pres. Dan at 5:00 P.M. Pres. Dan welcomed Cousin Harry Sklar, Captain in U.S. Army and his wife and child and cousin Eleanor, who were guests at this meeting.

Minute of silence was observed as usual.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

Sam reported on having his renovated into a regular banquet hall and recreation room, and when completed it will more than fulfill our expectations.

Sophie rendered a report on presenting a bouquet of flowers to Cousin Leona who became President of the Jewish War Veterans Auxiliary, inasmuch as Mama, Louis, Sophie, Sam, Mary, Willie, Gussie, Irving and Bea were all present at the installation.

Willie made a timely suggestion that the brothers living out of town call Mama up at least once a week as she sometimes does not hear from them from one meeting until the next one. Nat, Dan and Max promised to do so.

Until the transportation problems are better adjusted, it was decided to have the next meeting in Bayonne, and Hilda and Dan will be hosts.

Happy Day collected for Birthdays, of Nat and Marilyn, for Gertrude's recovery etc. amount collected \$3.15. Treasurer reported balance \$8.36.

Meeting was adjourned for the regular Russian Dinner prepared and served by our Hosts, Sophie and Louis and the beans and knishes were certainly enjoyed by everyone.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, Secy.

Balance Jan 17th: \$5.21

| Happy Day Fund | |
| --- | --- |
| (Sam) Gertrudes recovery | 1.00 |
| (Ray) Moving back to own home | .20 |
| Mama) Gert. Recovery | .25 |
| Dan) For having a Sister Bea | .25 |
| Max) For Ann's delicious Knishes | .20 |
| " " Book deal | .25 |
| " " Hopes for Hitler Shot | .25 |
| Willie) Recapture of Birthplace by Russians | .25 |
| Irv) for Marilyn's birthday | .25 |
| Nat for his birthday | .25 |
| **Total** | **3.15** |

Total Balance on Feb. 21st/43: \$8.36
