The 15th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Gussie and Willie. Meeting was called to order by our Pres. Dan at 6:00 P.M.

The lateness of the hour was due to the fact that we deviated from the usual procedure of having refreshments served after the meeting and had a very delicious dinner served by our Hostess and host before the meeting. This certainly pleased both young and old members and we all heartily enjoyed ourselves.

The customary minute of silence was observed.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and with one correction approved.

Pres. Dan congratulated Gussie and Willie on their beautiful new home, and on behalf of the Family Group wished them all the luck and happiness. He recalled that their home being next to the P.S. #8 School, brought back memories about going to school where the Armistice was signed and the excitement and happiness of everyone at the time.

Sophie reported receiving a letter from Louis' cousin who has named her baby for our beloved father, and acknowledged with thanks the gift of \$25.00 war bond sent to the baby from the Family Group. She wrote that the baby's name is a direct derivation of the Jewish, which is Isaac Aaron Slutsky, and that she hopes that he will grow to be as fine a person as his namesake.

Under new business the question arose about traveling to the various members homes as their turn comes for meetings. Bayonne was suggested as a central meeting place, but did not meet with the approval of most members. It was decided to continue as previously. We still have Sam's promise of a regular meeting place when he builds a regular room in his basement.

Sophie thanked members for anniversary cards received.

Happy Day Fund was collected for the amount of \$3.10 and congratulations were extended to Sophie, Louis, Morty, Wayne, Ann, Gertrude, Raymond, Sam, and again for Ann's delicious kishke which Max seems to love so much. \$2.00 dues was collected.

Treasurer reported that deficit was taken care of by members who paid a tax. He reported a balance on hand of \$5.21.

President then closed the meeting with a very appropriate prayer from the Bible.

The next meeting will be held at the home of Sophie and Louis sometime in February.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, Sec'y
