The 24th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Max and Ann.

Meeting was called to order by outgoing Pres. Max at 5:30 P.M. and members and guests were welcomed. Max then turned the gavel over to the new Pres. William. Barry read the opening prayer and the usual minute of silence was observed.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved with corrections.

Pres. William welcomed Bobby who was home on furlough and expressed a fervent hope that our other boy Morty will be with us shortly.

Major Harry Sklar was reported ill in hospital and a get well card will be sent him from Group. A birthday card also to be sent to Morty. Louis suggested that members write more often to Morty and Bobby while they are in service.

Under new business Bobby made a motion that we send a suitable gift to Morty for his birthday as a gesture of love from the Group. Unanimously seconded and passed. Mary, Gussie and Irving were named as a committee to purchase gifts. Motion made by Nat seconded by Dan that said committee be empowered to use their discretion as to type gift appropriate. Committee will act on suitable gift for Bobby also.

Under good and welfare President asked Louis to present to Harriet and Ben picture of the Group taken at Morty's Bar Mitzvah. Louis with sincere and touching remarks presented the picture to the newlyweds, who thanked Group for same.

For the Happy Day Fund the amount collected was \$3.33 and dues of \$4.00 was also collected. Treasurer reported balance on hand \$94.87.

Since this meeting was held on Thanksgiving Day, our hosts Max and Ann certainly excelled themselves by serving the traditional Thanksgiving dinner of turkey and all the trimmings, which was greatly enjoyed by everyone.

The next meeting will be held in January in Bayonne.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, sec'y.

---

Balance on hand 10/28/44: \$87.54

Dues collected — Raymond: \$4.00

<div class="table-dashed">

| Happy Day Fund | |
|---|---|
| Sam — Elliot (Chai) (2) | \$.26 |
| Raymond for Elliot | 1.00 |
| Wm. — Bobby's homecoming | 1.00 |
| Max — Welfare of Group | .50 |
| Elliot's attendance | .11 |
| Sophie — Morty (Chai) | .28 |
| " Bobby " | .18 |
| **Total** | **\$3.33** |

</div>

Balance 11/23/44: \$94.87
