The 22nd meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held on Sunday, June 18th, 1944. Our hosts were William and Gussie. We congregated in Sam's Recreation Room after visiting the cemetery on Father's Day.

Pres. Max called the meeting to order and the customary minute of silence was observed.

Guests at this meeting were welcomed by President.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

Under new business, election of officers which was to take place was postponed for the following meeting.

A minute of silence was observed in memory of Hilda's father and Louis' uncle, Keva.

President congratulated Florence, Charlotte and Marilyn on their respective graduations which were taking place the following week, and wished them success and happiness in the name of the Group.

William spoke about this being the last meeting before the summer and hoped we would all enjoy a healthy summer, and also congratulated Dorothy and Nat on the coming marriage of their daughter Harriet to Ben and hoped that we would always celebrate such occasions and in the near future to be able to welcome our boys home again safe and sound.

Bills were presented by sec'y for flowers to Ruth Gale and cards sent to members from November to June, amount being \$5.83, order paid.

Dues of \$2.00 were collected. Happy Day Fund amount collected \$6.50 and congratulations extended by Pres. Max to recipients.

Treasurer reported balance \$43.70.

The next meeting will be held at the home of Dan and Hilda in the fall.

The delicious refreshments were certainly enjoyed by young and old, thanks to Willie and Gussie.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, sec'y.

---

Balance on hand 5/14/44: \$41.03

<div class="table-dashed">

| Happy Day Funds | |
|---|---|
| Florence's recovery | \$1.00 |
| " graduation | 1.00 |
| Louis for Ann's operation | 1.00 |
| Max on clearing mortg. | 1.00 |
| Mama proud of children | .50 |
| Dan for Allen's winning prize | .50 |
| Elliot's first meeting | 1.00 |
| Irv. & Bea 19th Anniv. | .25 |
| Sam's contrib. | .25 |
| **Total** | **\$6.50** |

</div>

Dues collected — Nat: \$2.00

| | |
|---|---|
| | \$49.53 |

<div class="table-dashed">

| Expenses | |
|---|---|
| Flowers for Ruth Gale Wedd. | \$4.00 |
| Cards and postage from Nov. 21 to 6/18/44 | 1.83 |
| **Total** | **\$5.83** |

</div>

Balance 6/18/44: \$43.70
