The 23rd meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group being held at the home of Dan and Hilda, was opened by Pres. Max at 5:30 PM. Minute of silence was observed. Prayer was read by Allan.

Pres. Max officially welcomed Ben into our Group as a full fledged member and hoped that he would like being one of us. Ben responded by thanking the members and was sure that he would enjoy being with us.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

Under old business a report was rendered by Willie and Irving on the window installed in the Uptown Synagogue in memory of Papa. It is a beautiful stained glass window with the inscription reading "In memory of Isaac Sklar". The cost of the window was \$100.00 which was paid for by the children. It was suggested that a sort of pilgrimage to the synagogue be made to see the window and we attend the services at the same time. Unanimously approved. At the next meeting this will be done.

Meeting in Bayonne.

Secretary apologized to Harriet and Ben for forgetting to bring the family group picture to them. This will be remedied at the next meeting. Since every grandchild of Isaac and Celia Sklar who is married is entitled to a picture as a gift, Secretary was instructed to contact photographer inquiring whether or not it is possible to order more pictures, as there are only two left of the dozen had.

Election of officers followed at this time. Louis moved that Max retain Presidency, Max declining with thanks. Nat nominated Mary for Pres. and suggested we try a woman for President. Mary declined. Irving then suggested that since it seems to be the opinion of the members that the brothers head the Group, again start with the first president William. Everyone in favor and Willie unanimously elected Pres. Irving, Vice Pres. Beatrice Sec'y. and Sam, Treas.

Collection of dues followed and \$39.00 was collected. Happy Day collection \$4.84 and congratulations extended to recipients.

Treasurer reported balance to date \$87.54.

Next meeting to be held at the home of Max and Ann in November. A grand feast was prepared by Hosts Dan and Hilda which was enjoyed by all.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, sec'y.

---

Balance on hand 6/18/44: \$43.70

<div class="table-dashed">

| Dues collected | |
|---|---|
| William | \$5.00 |
| Nat | 3.00 |
| Sam | 6.00 |
| Louis | 5.00 |
| Irving | 7.00 |
| Dan | 4.00 |
| Max | 5.00 |
| Harriet | 4.00 |
| **Total** | **\$39.00** |

</div>

<div class="table-dashed">

| Happy Day Fund | |
|---|---|
| Jay's birthday / Rusty's " | \$1.10 |
| Charlottes and Marilyns Grad. | .50 |
| Elliot's talking | .50 |
| Allen's birthday | .48 |
| Harriet's Wedding (Nat & Dor.) | 1.00 |
| G " " (Grandma) | .50 |
| Bobby's birthday | .50 |
| Jay for Max and Rusty's birth. | .26 |
| **Total** | **\$4.84** |

</div>

Balance October 28/1944: \$87.54
