The 29th meeting of the Isaac & Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Nat and Dorothy on Sunday December 2, 1945, with Pres. William in chair, and meeting was called to order at 5.00 P.M.

The customery minute of silence was observed as usual. An appropriate prayer was read by Marian.

President William welcomed the members and Mr. Feldman and Ruth Choykey as guests, and was very happy to preside at the first peacetime meeting in four years. Ruth was also welcomed as a future full fledged member of the Group.

Minutes of previous meeting was read and approved.

On the Thanksgiving party that was given by Louis and Sophie in honor of Morty's safe homecoming from the war, President William expressed the appreciation of the members on the triple decker Thanksgiving Holiday.

Morty also thanked all the members of the Group and was certainly happy to be with the family once more, and at the meetings.

Nomination and election of officers followed; while almost all the members were nominated for the various offices, the following members were finally elected: for President: William, reelected for Pres. and everyone sang "For he's a Jolly Good Fellow" and a very nice ovation was rendered to him. Pres. then made a short speech emphasizing the fact that we should all have the good of the Group at heart and hope we will always be together.

Ann for all precedent was broken with the election of a vice Pres. Ann also promised her wholehearted cooperation. Treasurer Sam was reelected, since members feel that Sam is the only Treas. who does not allow us to spend our funds. For secretary, Bea was reelected, and hopes that the minutes will not become too monotinous in style, since members have not had a chance to try another secretary since the inception of Group.

For sergeant-at-arms, a new post, Morty was elected and hopes to keep order and quiet at meetings.

Dorothy was elected as chairman of Happy Day Fund and her wish is for more and more happy day occasions.

Bills presented for payment was for \$9.03, for flowers and cards and postage and was ordered paid. Payment of dues will be held at the next meeting.

Under new business a New Years Eve Party was discussed and unanimously accepted. Committee consisting of the following members: Vice Pres. Ann, Sophie, Gussie, Mary and Bea, are to be in charge of arrangement.

In Hebrew, our junior member Barry was on the super honor roll and a medal was presented to him by the board of education. Good Luck to Barry.

Dorothy reported happy day collection of \$4.24.

Treasurer reported balance on hand \$60.31.

Meeting was adjourned at 6.00 P.M. to enjoy the very fine hospitality of our genial hosts.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.
