The 26th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held in the Recreation Room in the Berlin Residence, Gertrude & Raymond, hosts.

The meeting was called to order by Pres. Wm. at 5 P.M. The usual minute of silence was observed.

Pres. Wm. welcomed guests and hoped that they would enjoy being with us.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved. Receipt for \$25.00 contributed to Vaad and Matzos fund was read. Pres. explained that this money was contributed as charity for the day of Mourning which was proclaimed by Rabbis last month thruout the country.

A passing tribute was paid to our beloved late Pres. Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and a minute of silence was observed in memoriam, and a fitting poem read by Gertrude.

Pres. Wm. spoke about there being only two more meetings before the summer, and Sam and Mary decided to have the next meeting on Mother's Day as usual. Irving and Bea will have the final meeting on Father's Day. On this day, we will visit the Cemetery early in the afternoon and have the meeting in the early part of the afternoon and meet in Sam's home at 5 P.M.

Suggestion was made by Dan to have a future party and dinner on Mother's Day, but did not have the approval of majority of members, so it was suggested that we continue as heretofore. Ben suggested that the meeting be held plus some entertainment by the children in honor of their Mothers. Entertainment committee formed with Harriet, Lillian, Sophie and Gertrude acting on same. Members of our members to be invited as guests.

Happy Day collected and the sum of \$3.75 collected. Congratulations were extended to recipients of birthdays and anniversaries. Bill for \$25.00 charity ordered paid. Treasurer reported bal. on hand \$55.61.

Meeting adjourned with a prayer that our Pres. Truman carry on the principles and ideals of his predecessor. Delicious refreshments were served by Gertrude and Ray, which were greatly enjoyed by everyone.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

Balance March 11, 1945: \$76.86

| Happy Day Collections | |
| --- | --- |
| Morty (chai) | \$.18 |
| Florence Birth | .32 |
| Sam & Mary Anniver. | .99 |
| Gertrude Birthday | .55 |
| Harriet & Grandma (chai) | .36 (Ben) |
| Barry's Birthday | .25 |
| Mama's " | .25 |
| Barry, for Grandma's B. | .30 |
| For Victory Card | .09 |
| " Rusty | .06 |
| " Mothers Chai | .10 |
| **Total Happy Day Fund** | **3.75** |

| | |
| --- | --- |
| Total | \$80.61 |
| Less disburs. check for charity | 25.00 |
| **Balance April 22/45** | **\$55.61** |
