The 28th meeting of the Isaac & Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the Home of Bea and Irving on Father's Day June 17th, 1945. On this day we visited the cemetery to pay our respects to our departed Father, and congregated afterwards for the meeting.

Meeting was called to order at 5:30 P.M. by our Pres. William.

Customary minute of silence was observed.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved with two corrections.

Pres. Wm. asked that the minutes of the first Fathers Day held by the Group be read, and secretary then read minutes of the meeting held on June 18th, 1939, which brought back fond memories.

President also announced that Allan had this day graduated from Hebrew School with honors and a medal. Since Allan is only ten years old and has already graduated with all the thirteen year old boys in "Haader", we are certainly proud of him and expect him to go far in his studies, and hope that he will eventually enter "Yeshiva College". Good Luck to you Allan.

Ben and Harriet announced their first anniversary, Max, his birthday, Jay and Milton their Birthdays and Bea and Irving, their 20th anniversary. Congratulations and best wishes extended to recipients by the Pres. and the sum of \$5.74 collected, and other happy events recorded in Happy Day.

Election of officers will be held in the fall and President hoped that all members will spend an enjoyable summer and a healthy one, and that we will meet in the fall with renewed strength and courage and in peace, please God.

Dorothy and Nat will be Hosts at the next meeting in the fall. Treasurer reported bal. \$65.00.

Meeting was adjourned and refreshments served, which I hope were enjoyed.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, secy.

On Thanksgiving Day, the Family Group was invited to a Dinner given in honor of Morty's safe return by his parents. It was a beautiful Dinner and greatly enjoyed by everyone. We are all grateful that we have had this opportunity to be with all our loved ones on this momentous occasion and to share with Sophie and Louis their greatest moment of joy. Tho we hope that parties for such occasions may never occur again, we do hope that we will always be celebrating "Simchas" with all our families complete.

---

Balance on hand May 13th, 1945: \$59.26

<div class="table-dashed">

| Happy Day Fund | |
| --- | --- |
| Ben & Harriet Anniv. | \$.50 |
| Allan's Graduation Hebrew | 1.00 |
| Hilda's & Dan's Anniv. | |
| Bud's overhaulg. teeth | .10 |
| Max & Jay's Birthdays | .84 |
| Elliot's learning to talk | .82 |
| Irving & Bea's Ann. 20th | 1.00 |
| Double chai for Morty (Wm) | .36 |
| For Rusty's bath | .10 |
| Bass Barry caught | .10 |
| Milton's Birthday | .18 |
| Morty's safe return | .18 |
| Years service by Pres. Wm. | .25 |
| Grandma and Jerry chai | .36 |
| **Total** | **5.74** |

</div>

Balance on hand 6/17/45: \$65.00
