The 25th meeting of The Isaac & Celia Family Group was held at the home of William & Gussie. This meeting was held after a visitation to the Cemetery, since we observe "Yor Zeit" this week.

Meeting was called to order by Pres. Wm. at 5:30 P.M.

Minute of silence was observed.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved with corrections.

Louis presented to the Group our newest full fledged member, Arnold, who was "Bar Mitzvah" in February. President welcomed him into our Group officially, and asked him to attend all meetings and be an active member in all affairs of the Group. Arnold accepted with thanks, and said he was happy and honored to be a member.

Bobby attended this meeting for the first time as a civilian, and Pres. spoke about how happy parents are to welcome back their sons into family life as civilians again, and hoped that our Morty will shortly be home with his parents also.

Sophie reported that Morty received his Identification bracelet, which was sent to him and Bobby as gifts from Group, and that Morty will write to thank us for same.

Louis reported that all Rabbis have proclaimed that March 14th. be set aside as a day of mourning and fasting for all Jews. In the event that anyone of our Group cannot do so, tho we must at least donate to charity. Louis then made a motion that \$25.00 be donated to any worthwhile charity. On committee appointed were Irving, Sam, Louis and Max. This donation to be given only for this emergency.

Bills presented by secretary were: \$2.59 for cards sent to members from June 18th to March 11th. and \$27.00 for two bracelets. Motion made by Dan, seconded by Raymond that said bills be paid. Also suggestion made by Raymond that any member in service pay dues for the duration and one year after.

Dues collected from Arnold \$1.00, Nat \$4.00. All members dues paid up.

Amount collected on Happy Day was \$6.58.

Treasurer reported balance on hand \$76.86.

Delicious refreshments were served and enjoyed by everyone.

Next meeting will be held in April, Raymond and Gertrude, Hosts.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, sec'y.

---

| | |
| --- | --- |
| Balance on hand November 23rd | \$94.87 |
| Dues collected March 11th, 1945 | 5.00 |

| Happy Day Fund | |
| --- | --- |
| Raymond for Bobby's Return | \$.50 |
| " " Morty's " | .50 |
| Barry for Rusty's licence | .35 |
| Bea for Irv, Mar. Marty's Birthd. | 1.00 |
| Arnold's Bar Mitzvah | 1.00 |
| Ben for their engagement year ago | 1.00 |
| Mama's being happy with children twice "Chai" | .36 |
| Hilda for Dan's birthday | 1.00 |
| Twice "Chai" for Morty | .36 |
| Max for 17th anniversary of store | .51 |
| **Amount collected** | **6.58** |
| | **\$106.45** |

| Disbursements | |
| --- | --- |
| Gifts to Morty & Bobby | \$27.00 |
| Cards sent 6/18/44 to 3/11/45 | 2.59 |
| | **\$29.59** |
| Total Amount of disb. | 29.59 |

Balance on hand 3/11/45: \$76.86
