The 27th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Sam and Mary in the Recreation Room. This meeting was celebrated as both Mother's Day and the 6th Anniversary of the Group.

The customary minute of silence was observed.

Pres. Wm. opened meeting by welcoming guests, Mr. Williamsky and Rose and Leon Sklar.

Pres. Wm. stated the fact that Pres. Truman asked that this Mother's Day be observed with appropriate prayer. A recording of the Lord's prayer was played.

Bobby came in late to meeting but was welcomed by Pres. Wm. The minutes of the first meeting of the Group dated May 14th, 1939 were read by Sec'y, and Pres. hoped that this Group will continue and eventually be carried on by our children.

Max reported that flowers on the cemetery plot are taken care of. It was suggested that we visit the cemetery early in the afternoon on Father's Day and meet in Sam's home at 5 P.M.

Myra presented all mothers present with a gift of a pot holder made by herself for Mother's Day and received a rousing vote of thanks.

Louis gave a very fine talk on significance of Mother's Day which was enjoyed.

Happy Day fund was collected and \$3.66 was realized. Pres. Wm. congratulated recipients.

Treasurer reported balance on hand \$59.26.

A very beautiful program followed: Song—Mother Dear by Martin, 3 songs by a very fine singer, Ben accompanied by Harriet, 3 piano solos by Harriet, duet by Gertrude and Raymond, quartette by the 4 Sklar Bros. Mother, recitation by Allan and lots of lots of fun was had by all. The refreshments served by our hosts, Sam and Mary were greatly enjoyed from the fish to the blintzes.

A Mother's Day cake baked by Bea for the occasion was cut by Mama, and Happy Mother's Day was sung by all led by Ann.

Next meeting will be held on Father's Day at our home.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

Balance April 22, 1945: \$55.61

| Happy Day Fund May 13th, 1945 | |
| --- | --- |
| Martin's recovery | \$.25 |
| Partial Peace (Dan) | 1.00 |
| (Ben) Hitler's going to hell | .50 |
| (Barry) Bass & Pickerel caught | .10 |
| (Dorothy) Buddy's engaged | .25 |
| Bobby's tie (bow) | .02 |
| Arnold becoming Boy Scout | .10 |
| V.E. Day from Arnold | .75 |
| (Gert) Morty's return soon | .25 |
| (Sophie) Victory | .25 |
| " Morty (chai) | .18 |
| **Total Happy Day Fund** | **3.65** |

Total balance May 13th/1945: \$59.26
