The 30th meeting of the Isaac & Celia Sklar Family Group was held in the Berlin's Recreation Room on Sunday Feb. 3, 1946. Our host and hostess were Dan and Hilda.

President William called the meeting to order at 5:00 P.M. and the customery minute of silence was observed.

The opening prayer was read by Arnold. Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved on motion made by Gertrude.

Reports on the New Year's party were rendered by Irving and Ann who thought the party was successful and that everyone seemed to enjoy themselves very much. It was unfortunate that our Mother was ill then and could not be with the family, and we hope to have more parties with the entire family attending. Secretary reported a balance of \$4.00 from proceeds of party which was turned over to Happy Day Fund.

Treasurer's report read Balance \$68.55. President welcomed Ruth into Group and Cpl. Alfred Tick who was visiting.

An invitation to the wedding of Ruth and Buddy was extended to the Family Group and Dorothy hoped everyone will be present at the Ceremony which will be held at the Temple at 7:00 P.M.

Happy Day Chairman Dorothy reported the amount of \$8.34 collected and receipients were congratulated and best wishes extended by President.

Barry received applause from members on a fine letter received from Hebrew teachers on his excellent work. Next meeting will be held in Newark sometime in March, at the home of Max and Ann.

President reported that congratulations were due Buddy on his graduation from College and attaining his goal, and Buddy made a short speech hoping that all young people will have an opportunity to attend college for their future benefit.

Letter received from Vaad Hatzola specifying the various charities which are helped.

Dan thanked Sam for the use of his Room which enabled all members to attend meeting as the traveling would be a hardship for Mama and Gertrude. Orchids to Dan & Hilda for their gracious hospitality and delicious refreshments which were greatly enjoyed by all.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, Sec'y.
