The 36th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Louis and Sophie, on Thanksgiving Day, at which time our hosts wined and dined us in true Thanksgiving fashion, with traditional turkey and all the trimmings.

After our dinner, the President called the meeting to order at 5:30 P.M. with our customery minute of silence.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

President welcomed Mr. Siegelman, Ida and Richie and our newest additions to the group Susan Roberta and Frederec Barton. Buddy and Ruth were also welcomed since they cannot always attend our meetings. Irv. Dan & Pres. Wm. reported that Nat had been ill and that he had visited him in hospital, and expressed our best wishes on his recovery and a gift of a bottle of cognac was presented to him.

Pres. reported that Louis was elected as President of the Temple and called on Irving to report on colorful installation when Louis was installed as President. On behalf of the Group, Louis was presented with a beautiful silver gavel properly inscribed with his name and the Groups. Louis cordially thanked us for the gift and was happy to be part of this Group and hoped that we will be together for many many years to come.

Irving was also congratulated on becoming vice-president of the Uptown Synagogue.

Our newlyweds, Lillian and Sam were officially welcomed as Mr. and Mrs. and a cash gift was presented to them from the Group.

Best wishes were extended to our Pres. Wm. and Gussie on their 29th Anniversary and our hope for them is many many more.

Under new business, a New Year party will be planned and permission granted by Sam for use of Recreation Room. Committee will be Ann, Lillian, Gertrude and Bea. Amount to be decided on.

Bills amounting to \$42.90 were ordered paid. Treasurer reported balance \$44.35.

Happy Day fund was increased by \$5.00 and best wishes extended.

The next meeting to be held at the home of Dan and Hilda sometime in January. Election of officers and payment of dues will be held at that time.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance 9/22/46 meeting | \$82.25 |
| Happy Day Fund | \$5.00 |
| | \$87.25 |

Expenses:

| Expense | Amount |
|---|---|
| Gift to Nat | \$7.30 |
| Gift to Lil & Sam | \$25.00 |
| Gift to Louis (gavel) | \$10.60 |
| **Total** | **\$42.90** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| **Balance 11/28/46** | **\$44.35** |
