The 33rd meeting of the Isaac & Celia Sklar Family Group was held at the recreation Room with our hosts for the day Sam and Mary.

President William opened the meeting with the customery minute of silence while Arnold read the prayer. President then extended a cordial welcome to our guests for the evening Mr. & Mrs. Kessler, Mr. and Mrs. Willensky, Rose and Leon, and hoped they would enjoy the Mother's Day celebration with us.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

Under new business, Max suggested an outing and invited us all to visit and inspect their new home summer home in Belmar. Ann was certain that there would be sufficient room for all and if necessary we could use the lawn and back yard. All the members were very enthusiastic about this project, and promised to attend rain or shine. Since Max and Ann refused to allow us to bring box lunches, it was decided to have this outing in the form of a regular meeting, and have this one the final one until the fall. We are to leave at 9 A.M. so that we may enjoy the day.

An announcement of Harriet's graduating from the Visiting Nursing Baby Course was read and she was congratulated on receiving diploma from same.

This Mother's Day meeting marks the 7th anniversary of our Group, and it was the earnest wish of the President that we continue for many many more years to come and that too is the hope of us all.

A belated birthday card to Mama and to Barry will be sent by our happy Day chairman Dorothy. The sum of \$2.01 was collected and congratulations extended to Mama and Harriet and to Ann who contributed for good of the organization. Treasurer reported balance \$95.70.

A beautiful Mother's Day cake in honor of all the Mothers present was cut by Mama while everyone sang Happy Mother's Day.

With the reading of a poem in honor of the occasion by President William the meeting adjourned to enjoy the fine dinner that our hosts Sam and Mary had prepared for us, and enjoyed by all. Entertainment by Joy and Barry, Ilen and Marion and serenading of our Mother by all her children were the highlights of the evening. May we continue these fine Mother Day celebrations for many years to come.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk, secy.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance 4/3/46 | \$94.48 |
| Happy Day 3/7/46 | \$4.21 |

Happy Day Fund 5/12/46

| Name | Amount |
|---|---|
| Harriet's grad. | \$0.25 |
| Mama's birthday (Wm.) | \$0.50 |
| Mama | \$0.25 |
| Ann for good of organization | \$1.00 |
| Rusty | \$0.01 |
| **Total** | **\$2.01** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Subtotal | \$100.70 |
| Less Exp. (cake for Mother's Day) | \$5.00 |
| **Balance on hand 5/12/46** | **\$95.70** |
