The 39th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held on Mother's Day, May 11th, 1947 at the Berlin Recreation Room. Our hosts for the evening were Sam and Mary.

President William called the meeting to order at 4:30 P.M. The customery minute of silence was observed.

Guests that were made welcome were Mr. & Mrs. Willensky, Mr. & Mrs. Abe Kaye and their family, Abe, Ruth and Marven Gale and his bride Sunny. Rose and Leon and cousins of Sam's who were visiting from Palestine.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved. Mr. Kaye was congratulated on his recovery from his serious illness and we extended best wishes for his good health. Pres. also congratulated Marvin and Sunny and extended our best wishes for their happiness. Pres. William also spoke on Mother's Day and since the inception of the Group was on Mother's Day May 14, 1939, eight years ago, the first minutes of that meeting were read and fond memories invoked. It is our earnest wish that we continue for many more years.

Members of the Group were extended an invitation by William and Gussie to attend the High School graduation and reception of Florence which will be held on June 18th.

Happy Day fund was increased by \$2.82 for various happy occasions.

The next meeting will take place at the summer home of Max and Ann in Belmar, on June 16th. This date being Father's Day, we will pay our respects to our departed Father by visiting the cemetary, and then leave for the beach.

This Mother's Day meeting was highlighted by the singing of Mother songs to the grandest Mother of all by the children and as usual our hosts Sam and Mary outdid themselves in their fine hospitality which will long be remembered. Treasurer reported balance on hand of \$77.83.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

| | |
|---|---|
| Balance on hand 3/17/47 | \$75.01 |

<div class="table-dashed">

| Happy Day Fund | |
|---|---|
| Barry's birthday | \$.36 |
| Florence Birthday | \$1.00 |
| Gussie being found by Louis | \$.18 |
| Mr. Kayes recovery | \$.50 |
| Arnold getting into Frat | \$.05 |
| Fred & Elliot's recovery | \$.50 |
| Barry's Fishing | \$.23 |
| **Total** | **\$2.82** |

</div>

| | |
|---|---|
| **Balance May 12/1947** | **\$77.83** |
