The 40th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the summer home of Max and Ann in Belmar on Father's Day, June 15/1947. A visit to the Cemetery to pay our respects was made on the way to Belmar.

Guests welcomed by President William at this meeting were Mr. & Mrs. Kessler, Mr. & Mrs. Kaye and family.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved. Customery minute of silence was observed by Louis and Lillian.

President William announced June is a month of happy occasions — June 7th, 22nd Anniversary of Irving and Hilda — June 26th, Jay's birthday, June 11th, Max's and Milton's birthday — June 18th, graduation of Florence.

Congratulations were forthcoming and our best wishes also. Any assistance that we can give to them will be a pleasure. \$3.42 was collected for it and respectfully contributed. Treas. reported bal. \$81.25. This is the final meeting until the fall.

An invitation was extended by Dan and Hilda to attend the Bar Mitzvah of Allan on October 11th and to attend a party given at their home on Dec. 7th to honor their engagement, which was accepted by Pres. on behalf of the Group.

A tribute was paid to Allen's beautiful performance at his Bar Mitzvah and the fine hospitality tendered to the Group on that occasion. Irving and Bea extended an invitation to attend a party at their home on behalf of Charlotte and Lenny's engagement, and the Group learned the best wishes. Pres. succeeded in congratulating on their engagement also to the Group. The Group learned of Albany's becoming a prospective member, and Beatrice was welcomed into the Group.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and silence was observed.

The next meeting will be held in Bayonne in the fall.

The meeting was adjourned to enable us to enjoy the fine hospitality of our hosts Max and Ann, whose fine food and generosity is hard to parallel.

And with the best wishes of the President to all the members for an enjoyable and healthy summer and hopes of our being together as in the fall.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance on hand May 12/1947 | \$77.83 |

Happy Day Fund

| Occasion | Amount |
|---|---|
| Florence Grad. | \$1.00 |
| Bea. & Irv. anniv. | \$1.00 |
| Mama's health | \$.25 |
| Allen's Hebrew Grad. | \$.33 |
| Abe Kaye good summer | \$.25 |
| Sam & Lil. good summer | \$.10 |
| Twice Chai for Mr. Kaye | \$.36 |
| Milton's Birthday | \$.13 |
| **Total** | **\$3.42** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| **Balance on hand June 15/1947** | **\$81.25** |
