The 41st meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held on Thanksgiving Day, November 27th, 1947, at the home of Louis & Sophie in Irvington, N.J. President William opened the meeting with a welcome to all members.

Minutes of previous meeting were read and silence was observed.

President William welcomed into the Group Leonard Albany as a prospective member, and Beatrice was welcomed into the Group. Pres. succeeded in congratulating Charlotte and Lenny's engagement. Irving and Bea extended an invitation to attend a party at their home on behalf of the Group on their engagement, which was accepted by Pres. on behalf of the Group.

A tribute was paid to Allen's beautiful performance at his Bar Mitzvah and the fine hospitality tendered to the Group on that occasion. Irving and Bea extended an invitation to attend a party given at their home on Dec. 7th to honor Charlotte and Lenny's engagement.

An announcement was made that Sam and Mary have purchased a beautiful summer home in Elberon and we wish for them much joy and happiness.

The next meeting will be held at the home of Raymond and Gertrude. Election of officers and payment of dues will be held at that time.

Expenses for flowers sent to all amounted to \$19.00, ordered paid. Expressions of congratulations extended on Thanksgiving and various happy occasions and the Happy Day fund amounted to \$6.55.

Treasurer reported balance on hand of \$68.80.

The fine hospitality of our hosts Louis and Sophie was greatly enjoyed by all and whose Thanksgiving dinner with all the trimmings was a treat for all to enjoy so much.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance on hand June 15/1947 | \$81.25 |

Happy Day Fund

| Occasion | Amount |
|---|---|
| Jay's birthday & Max & Ann Anniv. | \$1.00 |
| Rusty's recovery from operation | \$.65 |
| Sam Kaye for baby | \$.35 |
| William for 31st Anniversary | \$1.00 |
| Allen's Bar Mitzvah & opening of Launderet | \$1.00 |
| Max for Louis' meeting | \$.25 |
| Sam's summer home | \$1.00 |
| Irv. for Charlotte & Lenny's engagement | \$1.00 |
| Allen | \$.30 |
| **Total** | **\$6.55** |

Expenses:

| Expense | Amount |
|---|---|
| Flowers for Florence grad. | \$6.00 |
| Flowers for Allen | \$8.00 |
| Flowers for Polevoy's Thanksg. | \$5.00 |
| **Total** | **\$19.00** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Total | \$87.80 |
| Less Expenses | \$19.00 |
| **Balance** | **\$68.80** |
