The 37th meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held at the home of Dan & Hilda on Sunday, Jan. 19th, 1947, and called to order by our Pres. William at 5:00 P.M. Hilda's brother and sister in-law Mr. & Mrs. Pesin were welcomed to this meeting.

The customery minute of silence was observed. Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

President William presented to our hosts Dan and Hilda a beautiful tray from the Family Group on the occasion of their acquiring a home of their own, and our very best wishes were extended to them for continued joy and happiness.

Ann and Hilda are to leave for a vacation to Florida, and President expressed our wishes to them for a pleasant trip and enjoyable vacation. A suitable gift for their trip will be presented to them on the train.

Members of our Group were very sorry that Nat's family were not present at this meeting. They will be notified about the next meeting as usual.

Raymond & Gertrude invited the members to attend open house on February 22nd, on the occasion of their son Frederic's birthday.

On March 16th, a week before the memorial of our father, we will visit the cemetary and afterward a regular meeting will be held. Our President William and Gussie will be the hosts.

Under new business election of officers was held with the following elected for the year 1947:

William unanimously reelected President
Ann — Vice-Pres.
Sam for Treasurer
Beatrice — Secretary
Charlotte elected Happy Day chairman
Milton — Sergeant at-arms.

Payment of dues for 1947 was paid by members and the amount of \$39.00 collected.

Happy Day chairman Charlotte reported \$7.71 collected and congratulations extended to all.

Expenses of \$12.00 was ordered paid. Treasurer reported balance on hand \$79.06.

A very fine time was enjoyed by all due to the grand hospitality of our genial hosts and the fine refreshments.

Respectfully submitted

B. Pinchuk.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance at 11/28/46 meeting | \$44.35 |

Payment of dues:

| Family | Amount |
|---|---|
| William's Family | \$7.00 |
| Berlin's (Sam) | \$5.00 |
| Louis' Family | \$7.00 |
| Irving's Family | \$7.00 |
| Dan's Family | \$4.00 |
| Max's Family | \$5.00 |
| Raymond's Family | \$4.00 |
| **Total** | **\$39.00** |

Happy Day Fund

| Occasion | Amount |
|---|---|
| Raymond for Fred's birthday | \$.50 |
| Vacation of girls | \$.50 |
| Wm. for anniv. and birthday | \$1.00 |
| Irv. for birthday & Marty's birthday | \$1.00 |
| Max — better health | \$1.00 |
| Wm. for recovery of friend | \$.18 |
| Louis for anniversary | \$.28 |
| Mama for children's welfare | \$.50 |
| Sam for Mary's birthday & Fred's birthday | \$1.50 |
| Max for Martin's birthday | \$1.00 |
| Ann, birthday | \$.25 |
| **Total** | **\$7.71** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Total | \$91.06 |
| Less Expenses: Gift for Dan & Hilda | \$12.00 |
| **Balance 1/19/47** | **\$79.06** |
