The 42nd meeting of the I. & C. Sklar Family Group was held on Sunday February 1st, 1948, at the home of Raymond and Gertrude. Meeting was called to order by Pres. Wm. who welcomed members and guests. Customary minute of silence was observed. Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved. Correspondence was read, card from Charlotte and Lenny, thanking Group for card and gift, on the occasion of their engagement, card from Jay thanking Group for flowers sent for the High School Graduation. Pres. extended the best wishes of the Group to Max and Ann and Jay on Jay's entering College. An invitation was extended by Nat and Dorothy for a party on Sunday on the graduation of Marian from High School, and her acceptance at Hunter's College. Our very best wishes were extended to them. Pres. Wm. told members of letters received from Uncle in Argentine, from whom we have not heard in years. It is very thrilling at this time, that we have occasion to correspond and hear good news from each other.

Election of officers was the next order of business and on a motion made by Irving, the same slate of officers was unanimously elected for another year. Payment of dues followed and the sum of \$46.00 collected. Bills for flowers amounting to \$11.00 were ordered paid. Happy Day fund was increased for Birthdays, graduations and other happy events, and everyone congratulated. Treasurer's report followed, \$106.30 to date. Our best wishes were extended to Louis and Sophie for a fine and healthy trip to Florida, and to Sam and Lillian on the expected arrival of an addition to their family. We missed Dan and Hilda, and Ben and Harriet at this meeting. Our hosts Raymond and Gertrude wined and dined us in their fine manner, and a social hour followed the meeting. The next meeting will be held sometime in March.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice, Sec'y.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance on hand 11/27/47 | \$68.80 |

Dues received:

| Name | Amount |
|---|---|
| William & Family | \$8.00 |
| Nat and Dorothy | \$5.00 |
| Sam Berlin | \$5.00 |
| Irving | \$7.00 |
| Max | \$5.00 |
| Raymond | \$4.00 |
| Sam Kaye | \$4.00 |
| Louis | \$8.00 |
| **Total Dues** | **\$46.00** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Total | \$114.80 |

Happy Day Fund:

| Occasion | Amount |
|---|---|
| Grandma for letters | \$0.50 |
| Ray for new baby to Lil | \$0.25 |
| Irv. for Kirby's birthday | \$0.50 |
| Sam for his baby | \$0.25 |
| Jay's grad. | \$0.50 |
| Arnold's birthday | \$0.20 |
| Wm. for letters from Arg. | \$0.30 |
| **Total** | **\$2.50** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Subtotal | \$117.30 |
| Less Expenses: Flowers for Charlotte \$6.00, Jay's grad. \$5.00 | \$11.00 |
| **Balance 2/1/48** | **\$106.30** |
