The 43rd meeting of the Isaac & Celia Sklar Family Group was held on Sunday March 14th, 1948, at the home of Dan and Hilda in Englewood. Meeting was opened by our President William at 5:00 P.M. The customary minute of silence in memory of our father was observed. Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.

A letter from our uncle in Argentine was read by the Secretary and everyone was thrilled with both the letter and pictures that William received. President William was thanked by members for sending a birthday card to our uncle. A motion was made by Nathan and seconded by Harriet that our Uncle Samuel and his family become honorary members of our Group. Unanimously adopted.

Louis and Sophie thanked Group for basket of fruit sent to them when they left for Florida. A very fine vacation was spent by them.

A new member, Gary Leonard, new son of Sam and Lilly Kaye, was welcomed into Group as the newest member. A gift was presented to Lilly on her graduation from High School, and her entering College.

On April 11th, we have "Yor Zeit" for our father and on April 4th, we will visit the cemetery to pay our respects.

Happy Day occasions were many, and receipients congratulated. Amount collected was \$4.70. Bills were ordered paid for the amount of \$17.65. Balance on hand was \$93.35.

It was suggested that we send a copy of the minutes to Uncle Samuel, and we hope he will enjoy reading them. The next meeting will be held at Nat's home in June.

Our sincere greetings were extended to all. Since the wedding of Charlotte & Lenny is to take place on May 2nd, and the Bar Mitzvah of Barry is on May 9th, Mother's Day the next meeting will not be held until June. Nat volunteered to have same at his home sometime in June.

Respectfully submitted

Beatrice, Sec'y.

---

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Balance Feb. 1st, 1948 | \$106.30 |

Happy Day Fund

| Occasion | Amount |
|---|---|
| Sam for new baby | \$1.00 |
| Wm. for new baby | \$1.00 |
| Arnold for new baby | \$1.00 |
| Ray for son | \$0.50 |
| Lenny for anticipating 7 weeks before marr. | \$0.50 |
| Louis for "chay" | \$0.18 |
| Grandma for good news | \$0.50 |
| **Total** | **\$4.70** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| Subtotal | \$111.00 |

Expenses:

| Expense | Amount |
|---|---|
| Basket of fruit for Louis & Sophie | \$5.00 |
| Flowers for Lillian | \$5.00 |
| Gift for Marian on grad. | \$7.65 |
| **Total Expenses** | **\$17.65** |

| | Amount |
|---|---|
| **Balance March 14/48** | **\$93.35** |
