Notes from Aunt Sophie Polevoy 1985-1987 and Sarah Nadler October 1987

Transcribed from notes by David Brodman

Grandpa Isaac Aaron Sklar was on his way to Argentina to join his wife’s brothers who had emigrated there. His own brothers; Jacob (Yankiel), and Louis (Leybish) had recently immigrated to Bayonne, New Jersey. They wrote him letters and persuaded him to come join them in Bayonne. He arrived there in 1906 and moved in with his brother Yankiel on Avenue C near 24th St. Grandma Celia and all the children joined him in 1910.

The Sklars came from Dnepropetrovsk in the Ukraine, Russia. It is located on the Dnieper River, the third longest river in Europe. At the time they left it was still called Ekaterinoslav. Liba Sklar, the Zeyta’s sister; and his parents Benzion and Mariasha Sklar lived across the Dnieper River in Danmur or Aframur. Benzion Sklar ran a lumber mill and had many men in his employ. Liba and her husband ran a grocery store or a flour mill. It was suburban. Liba lived through World War 1.

Benzion Sklar would hire young men to work his lumber mill by first inviting them to lunch. The young men who finished lunch quickest would be the first hired since he figured less time would be taken from the workday by these men.

Louis – Meyer Leibish Sklar the youngest of Benzion’s children was the firsts to immigrate to the United States. He was followed shortly thereafter by Yankiel – Jacob and finally by Isaac. His other children lived out their lives in Russia.

Lipa – Lyov, an older son died in his late thirties of brain fever; probably before 1898. I believe Uncle Leon Sklar, born in 1898 was named for this Uncle who in all probability died at that time – his birth date being in the 1860’s. Lyov was a highly trained man having gone through the gymnasium. He was renowned scientist/inventor in Russia and he had an active correspondence with Thomas A Edison in West Orange – Menlo Park, New Jersey in the latter part of the 19th century. He invented something to do with musical sounds. He was married to a general’s daughter and a representative of the Czar attended their wedding. They had four sons.

Moses and Noah were the two other children of Benzion and Mariasha Sklar. Noah Sklar passed away before Aunt Sophie left for America in 1910. Shifra Sklar for whom Aunt Sophie was named was Benzion’s mother.

Zeyta Isaac Sklar had in his youth met and fallen in love with a girl. This girl was beautiful; with long hair, a gorgeous voice and had been a talented guitar player. She also had been in love with someone else before the Zeyta married her. She married the Zeyta and they lived together for about a month when her lover returned, approached the Zeyta and threatened his life. The marriage was ended.

Isaac and Celia lived in the city of Dnepropetrovsk in an apartment. Grandpa Isaac was an excellent mechanic and worked repairing parts on the railroad. There were several Pogroms and Grandpa Isaac was forced to do guard duty. His brother Lipa’s wife fled to the Zeyta’s house with her four sons. They remained in Russia. One of the sons became an officer in the Russian army and in later years made a contact with the American relatives. The mother was a very slim and attractive woman, well dressed.

Grandma Celia (Tsippa) Dunn Sklar had two older brothers. William and Zissel Dunn and one younger brother, Samuel Dunn. They lived in the same area. One Pesach night, after the second Seder; William Sklar and his family were already in bed when a noise was heard. A man had broken in and was stealing a silver sugar bowl and creamer. His wife took the older daughter, Sonia, and escaped; William trying to save Rachel, the younger daughter, was killed on the spot leaving the widow and the two small daughters. Later, his brother Zissel adopted the oldest daughter and immigrated with his wife to Buenos aires, Argentina. Zissel and his wife had no children of their own. This incident started the “bubbi-meisa” in the family that no matter how tired one is; every knife will be put in a drawer after each meal – never leave a sharp knife loose on a table – the intruder had stabbed William to death with a knife that had been left out on the table.

The younger brother, Samuel, was drafter into military service and was very unhappy. Ultimately he was able to position himself in an area where he was able to sneak across a bridge and be in another country (probably Austria, Hungary, or Romania). From there he got to France where he worked for Dreyfuss Co., the famous brokerage house. He also met and married a French Jewess and immigrated to Buenos Aires, Argentina. In the late 1940’s he and his family visited in Bayonne with the Sklar family group.

When the Zeyta left for America, Bubbe Celia moved in with her sister-in-law, Liba and her family across the river in Damur. The Bubbe had a fur lined cape which she gave up for money to live on. Isaac Sklar arrived in America and moved in with his brother, Jacob and his family at 540 Avenue C. He is listed with them in the 1910 Federal census as “Iky Skla”

The family left by train for Lebau in Latvia, a long trip at that time. Each of the older children was responsible for a younger one. Uncle Max was Aunt Sophie’s responsibility. Aunt Sophie faked her age and also hid in the luggage racks and berths to save the cost of the ticket. They left Lebau, Latvia on the SS Russia on August 30, 1910 and arrived in New York City on September 11, 1910 and moved in with Louis and Dora Sklar. The ship manifest lists Zippa Schkliar, 40; Wulf, 16;; Nechema, 14; Yael, 4; Mendel, 3; Maria, 11; Schifra, 10; Liba, 7.

Louis Sklar, the youngest brother was educated in the Gymnasium, spoke fluently in Hebrew as well as Yiddish and was a versatile musician. Said to have perfect pitch; he was drafted at the age of 18 into the Czar’s Army where he played first violin in the orchestra. He also gave music lesions on the side to children of the area residents. One day one of his students’ father warned him of problems coming up for the Jews and offered to help him. This man transported goods for the Russian Army, the event occurring during the Russo-Japanese War. At great personal risk to both himself and the student’s father, Uncle Louis was transported in one of the trucks to the border and escaped from Russia. He had enough money to get himself to Frankfort am Main in Germany where he stayed for four months thence to England where he settled in Petticoat Lane, the Jewish section of London. He stayed there 6 months where he was a fish wrapper – wrapping the fried fish in newspaper for transport - and then left for the United States.

Louis Sklar’s first jobs in America were sewing men’s trousers in a factory sweatshop and then selling newspapers under the El (elevated railways in New York). He was fired from the first one as it was a poor job. Uncle Jacob Sklar worked with a man in the bedspring factory named Mendel Miller. This Mendel Miller went to the docks to welcome his wife, 5 or 6 children, sister and brother and asked Jacob to come along with his brother Louis who was 20 years old. The sister was a girl of 18 named Dora. Uncle Louis Sklar thought she was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. They met often and were married five years later. The brother, unfortunately, had a rash and was sent back to Europe.

Uncle Jacob Sklar was the second son to arrive in America. He was married in Russia to Aunt Gitla who died after giving birth to the twins Leon and Robert Sklar. He married shortly thereafter to Aunt Bluma with whom he had five children Nathan, Lena/Leona, Eleanor, Oskar/Harry and Benjamin. Jacob Sklar was a dapper man whose first job in America was in a bedspring factory. Later he became involved in the construction trade. In the 1920’s he owned the Princess Apartments in Jersey City and also 84 West 25th Street in Bayonne where many of the Sklar family lived at one time or another.

Louis Siegal and his wife Elizabeth were friends of the family (the children) who lived in Newark, NJ. They would come to Bayonne to visit and one time brought their friend, Aunt Dorothy (then Botwinick) and introduced her to Uncle Nathan Sclar. Aunt Dorothy was 21 years old at the time of her marriage. The brothers and sisters were all friends together. Uncle Nathan and Aunt Dorothy were married at the Clinton Manor in Newark, NJ on May 25, 1918. In 1919 they moved to 46th Street and Avenue C, Bayonne, NJ; the house where Rita and Mickey Slootsky lived years later.

Aunt Mary met Uncle Sam Berlin through a lantsman (man from the same town in the old country). The lantsman had a tailor shop in Bayonne and took in Uncle Sam as a tailor. Aunt Mary went there with the Bubbe one day and met him. He asked her out and after 2 dates – proposed- she said yes – they were married immediately. Aunt Mary and Uncle Sam Berlin were married in April 1918 she was then living on West 24th St, Bayonne, NJ.

Gussie Bernstein and Willie Sklar met through cousins.

Louis Polevoy was a friend of Willie Sklar. Aunt Sophie met him when she was 10 years old; at 16 she had her first date with him and they married about 2 years later. Louis Polevoy had to ask the Bubbe’s permission before he could ask Aunt Sophie for a date. They had to be home early. They would go to the Lyric Theater – Later the Opera House on 26th St. and Ave C, Bayonne – where for 10 cents you could see a movie and five acts of vaudeville. Aunt Sophie was married in a rented gown; \$3 for the rental and you could keep the veil. Aunt Sophie was married from her home and the Bubbe made all the food. There were four weddings in one year – Willie and Gussie (Bernstein) in November, 1917; Nathan and Dorothy (Botwinick) on May 25, 1918; Mary and Sam Berlin on November 29, 1918 and Sophie and Louis Polevoy on December 25, 1918.

Becky Okun Rabinowitz was a cousin on Zeyta Isaac’s side. They had a jewelry store on Canal Street in New York City. Itchik Chiam Okun was possibly Becky’s father. Becky was a blood relative.

David Barkoff and his son Sidney Barkoff lived in Boro Park, Brooklyn NYC cousins.

Emmanuel Sklar, the second child of Willie and Gussie Sklar died at the age of 5. He had not been normal from birth and had never spoken.

The Zeyta Isaac Sklar had a heart attack and moved in with Aunt Mary and Uncle Sam Berlin at 729 Avenue C, Bayonne, in 1932 about the time Arnold Berlin was born. It was an ideal arrangement as Aunt Mary went to work and there was a built in babysitter.

Nathan at the age of 14 came down with a fever and was feeling badly. They lived close to Isaac and Celia Sklar at the time. A doctor was called but too late – he died of appendicitis. Harry Sklar became a dermatologist in Huntington, Long Island New York. He died in early middle age of heart disease. Ben Sklar, a severe diabetic, received a Doctorate in Health Care from the University of Michigan. He remained in Michigan after school marrying Hilda, raising two daughters, and serving the State of Michigan Health Department. Leona married Charles Rosenkrantz who owned a “candy store” on Avenue C between 25th and 26th St. East side – Bayonne N.J. Charles collapsed and died of a heart attack on the night of Kay Sklar Furst’s wedding. Their son, Herbert, owned his own advertising agency in Jersey City for many years before opening two mortuaries – Menorah Chapels – in Milburn and Teaneck, N.J. Herb was instrumental in bringing down the cost of the “Jewish funeral” in the metropolitan New Jersey area. Herb’s son, Mark Ross, has a monument business and his daughter, Karen, is a mortician in the business with Herb. Diabetes was most prevalent in this branch of the family. Eleanor and her husband, Robert Freedman, were childless and lived for many years next door to her sister, Leona Rosnekrantz at 84 West 25th St in Bayonne. Gussie Bernstein Sklar’s widow years were spent in an apartment down the hall from Eleanor and Leona – the same house where the Sklar families all lived in the 1920’s.

Jacob Sklar died as a result of a heart attack in 1935. Bluma died in 1940. The diabetic strain is from Bluma’s family.

Both Aunt Sophie and Aunt Mary had a great deal of respect and fond memories of time spent with an early teacher, Miss Hayes. She was very kind to these two pre-teen young ladies who were placed in a primary school class because they knew no English. On of her first reading lessons in English was “Fanny has a fan, has Fanny a fan”.

Grandpa Willie Sklar – a story. Once upon a day when Grandpa Willie was looking for a job; he met a man who offered to help him. In order to get a job – he was told – one had to have a pair of overalls. He offered to get them for Grandpa Willie on payment to him of a certain amount of money. Grandpa Willie gave him the money and waited. No overalls, no money…. And no job. Later on, Grandpa Willie met the man again; demanded - and received his money back.

Sophie and Mary went to work; Sophie at 14 (1914). Uncle Nathan found them jobs in a book binding factory in New York City. They earned $5 a week; $1 was for car fare and $4 was brought home to the Bubbe – Grandma Celia Sklar.  T that time shirts cost $2 a piece. Aunt Mary stayed at the same job until she got married. Sophie wanted more money and looked for more jobs. She got up to \$7 per week and then was laid off. She then landed a job in Jersey City for 6 days a week.
